have you noticed with ads people try to
get you to go to their landing page and
this trick is money so what we do is we
take the copy that you would have in the
landing page in the message and you
break it down into four or five stories
so then people are getting the marketing
message within the story so they don't
have to go to your page and then when
they're ready to complete the
transaction
is there some sort of formula like that
you would think that okay so if you have
a million followers how many views
should a a post get if you do let's say
a million files and you post a video
what would be a good a short like 30
second a 40 second video how many people
should view it for it to be uh you know
should like that you know it's before
you know for it to be considered
successful what will be considered good
engagement
so if you're just talking about a video
and you're getting like the views on the
video anywhere around five percent is
good sometimes you'll be at three
percent four percent sometimes you get
ten percent so let me give you an
example I'm sorry I got I posted a video
I have a million in point 1.3 million
followers right and I posted a video I
got 500 000 views
that's right that's great that would be
considered an amazing post right yes and
it was a video of my girlfriend and I
and I don't post much of that I don't
post that much of that stuff it was one
cute little video of like 15 seconds
long was just laughing over some stupid
thing with butterflies on my I was
having a temp attention because they
didn't take my people didn't take my
garbage out and I'm flipping out because
like the garbage man didn't take my
garbage out I think a meltdown and she
starts filming me having a melt band and
we start laughing at it I realized how
stupid it was 20 seconds long it got 500
000 views right so that would be
considered a massively successful post
with a million 1.3 million followers
right correct yes what about then I post
another thing like a a quick business
clip 150 000 views that's my average by
150. so that's considered good about 14
15 of my base that's very good and you
have a very loyal audience right people
aren't going to have that if they get
five percent they should be happy so far
is it so what's my question is what's
the number is it five percent and above
is considered really good yes anything
about five percent
and how about on a picture like a
regular post like without a video just a
post so post if you can get three
percent to like your posts you're doing
pretty decent
okay and do you pull it's like you're
gone and you'll find that some posts
like I experience the same thing that
you do if I post something personal
because I don't really post personal
stuff right it goes through the roof and
I can get like 10 20 of the people just
liking the image of something business
related for my this is better I
know you're like what the hell this is
more valuable right I'm like who cares
if my baby's touching the sand you know
for the first time like granted me as a
parent of course I love it but I'm like
I don't understand why you the viewer
wants to see this
do you look at that there was a lesson
in terms of okay so how do I combine
those two together to get my business
message out there using my personal life
I wonder I feel the same thing like I
don't believe this like I put this
amazing I put a training on it was like
I have something called sales school
which I absolutely ripped off from you
okay and I publicly said that when I
launched my something called sales
scores and I'm ripping off Neil Patel
who did marketing school right because I
thought it was a great idea right it's
like publicly gave you credit for that
and I'm doing really great with it but
it's like I know if it was just me and
my girlfriend dancing
like what the I'm like come on and
not just that you spend so much more
money into sales School more time into
it to try to make it amazing for people
and it is but then yet when you do the
dancing or you with garbage cans it's
just gonna do better and that's the
reality and what I learned from that
whole concept is people genuinely want
to follow people on the Social Web to
get know them personally to them that's
more valuable than the business aspect
and that's why you see all these
influencers and the influencers aren't
companies like Coca-Cola or Nike they're
the Kardashians they're you they're the
Dan bilzerians there's the Christian
Ronaldo's or sure Tom Cruise or whoever
is the latest flavor of the one like I
follow Will Smith a lot people love him
right they love him more than the
corporate brands yeah so you know what's
interesting to that and is when you
look at the people that are getting you
know this massive trash like for example
this thing uh the latest one is kills me
by the way and I love it is the guy
skateboarding down on Tick Tock with the
uh with the oceans
and a guy becomes a sensation and like I
I just wonder there's gotta be I'm
assuming that there's people sitting
around in Madison Avenue in a border him
right now how do we duplicate that like
all day long are you think how do we do
that how do we do that how do we it's
got to be right because right there it
is they are in boardrooms and they
literally are asking themselves how do
they do that it's like do you ever watch
I'm sure you've watched the TV series
Mad Men right yes right it's such a
great TV series and anyone who's not
watched Mad Men I really think you
should it's a great education for
business by the way because it shows you
the evolution of where we are today
based on what advertising was like back
in the 50s and even the 40s and one of
the funny scenes was like they were
trying to get this uh I think it was um
toilet paper or something or adult
turkeys turkeys and they tried to Stage
a fight between two women in like a mock
fight between two and fighting over the
last turkey in a supermarket to try to
get it picked up by you know the
newspaper and the news and the whole
thing goes right but like you see all
it's always been this sort of you know
strategy of how do we get controversy
you know into the news to sell more
products right and I I wonder like in
terms of you know you're a very stayed
guy you know you're you're more the
corporate type right you're very you
know
um I mean it's in a positive way you
very very corporate you why you know
you're more stayed right a lot more than
me right and um but I wonder is you know
is there that
um
that edge to this whole thing where it's
what can we do how do we push the
envelope to connect to be extreme enough
to connect with people
without pissing them off because there's
also the other side's the cancel culture
aspect of things but how do you push the
envelope to to stand out but in a way
that actually is good for my brand how
do you do that it's tough It's a lot of
experimentation and tons of hits and
misses but what's easier to do is don't
try to stand out with your brand go find
the people who stand out like the guy
drinking ocean sprays cranberry and just
like you know what let them go we're
gonna put more money behind it and we're
gonna even give him a free car which is
what they did they gave him a truck
because he he went down the skateboard
because his car broke down but yeah it
sounds good we'll just give him uh a
free truck because how many more sales
did they get from people trying to
replicate that video right it was
cheaper to just give a free car than it
was to pay for all that publicity that
they got and then the the next thing
that you can do as a business is
look for multiple variations of that
sometimes you'll be able to find that
sometimes you won't and the ones you do
just piggyback off on and help support
them and when you can't find that go
look for influencers in your space kind
of like for the shadows for Shadows but
try to associate with your with them
hard just be around them and the more
you can be associated with them the
bigger you'll end up going without
having to do the edgy stuff and I'm not
saying that there's not anything wrong
with the edgy stuff the problem with the
edgy stuff or anything is it's hit or
miss so you spend all this time and
energy and you're like crap why am I not
getting views why is it that when we
post about the garbage man not picking
up my trash it goes viral but every
other time when I try I'm not getting
five ten times the views so the easiest
thing to do is associate with the people
that already have it and figure out how
to compensate them on workout
Partnerships
all right I want to go in the next 10
minutes I want I want to hear the Neil
Patel I want to get very specific here
the Neil Patel Strat I want for every I
want you to lay out a strategy for
everybody here on this that's going to
be listing a lot of people right we have
a big following year a lot of my
entrepreneurs a lot of them are online
right I want to know what's the
step-by-step see now
and December 31st what's the launch
what's the strategy now to maximize your
Christmas sales to anything what is it
let's hear it stop just give me a give
me a it's for me selfishly Neil I'm
getting free Consulting from you here
okay I want to know the next I want to
know the next 75 days okay what would
you if you and me and everybody what
would you do to blow out do five million
dollars in sales at Christmas what's the
plan
so I'm not going to give the basic
simple stuff like run promotions and
stuff because what's the plan let's hear
The Quiet let's go first thing I would
do is I would go find someone who is in
similar Industries and do cross
promotions kind of like The Syndicate
that still works not as much on social
media but it works really well with blog
posts uh emails going live like those
types of things works really well the
next thing that I would try to do and
this crushes it but no one's really
doing it okay so you know on your phone
when you have like that Instagram
Snapchat you do stories and people keep
swiping on the stories and they're going
from next story to the next story right
it's that's the behavior pattern have
you noticed with ads people try to get
you to go to their landing page and this
trick is money so what we do is we take
the copy that you would have in the
landing page in the message and you
break it down into four or five stories
so then people are getting the marketing
message within the story so they don't
have to go to your page and then when
they're ready to complete the
transaction
boom then you can have them swipe up and
then go from there I don't like that's
really good the next thing I would do is
I would start going live on the social
networks and start selling live so um a
lot of you guys have seen Tai Lopez Tai
Lopez has done really well recently with
his Acquisitions of Pier One Dress Barn
a few of those companies that he's been
buying from bankruptcy one of the things
that Tai has done really well is he'll
go live and he'll sell when you're going
live because remember the social
networks right now want they're live to
compete with live TV that's why they
call it live and they're pushing really
hard so they just make it go viral and
just tell random people who aren't even
your followers all about it the next
thing I want you to do is you're
probably already creating video content
for sales or anything like that but
there's this hack that right now that'll
allow you to crush it on YouTube Anytime
you create video content that not too
many people are doing see YouTube
marketing is the opposite of traditional
SEO traditional SEO is you create
content you build the links you get the
shares optimize your code six months
year later you start doing decently well
YouTube is whatever does the best within
the first 24 hours if not even the first
hour when a video goes live they just
push it viral and even if you don't go
viral they push you really high in the
rankings on YouTube for a lot of the
keywords that are associated with your
video so what I would do is if I'm
creating a video that's related to my
products my services even if it's boring
I would send out an email blast a push
notification blast within the first 24
hours of the video going live because
you get all these people going to
YouTube and viewing it it sends signals
to YouTube saying hey we should rank
this really high on YouTube so then you
start ranking for all the sales terms or
product related terms or marketing
related terms or whatever they are to
your business and that drives tons of
sales
the next thing I would do if I were you
is
there's all these blogs out there okay
it's hard to build an audience but what
you can do is you can guest post
so what we like doing is we'll go out to
all the bloggers because remember blogs
want content because the more content
they create the more traffic they
generate and it costs money that you
have to pay people so if you go to them
you're saying hey I'm going to create
free blog content for you and it's going
to be high quality but like yeah sure
so then what I do is I like going to all
these blogs the big ones Forbes
entrepreneur New York Times whatever it
may be ask them to contribute an article
and create lists
top 10 ways to improve your sales skills
top 10 toasters
literally you can have articles that are
list face
and within there include your own
products maybe not number one but number
two or number three and when you start
doing that you'll start getting a lot of
people going back to your website and
buying
another thing that you can do and this
is a really easy strategy we all have
lists and what you'll find is over time
your open rates go really down
especially during the holiday seasons
here's a simple silly hack
scrub your list if you actually make
your list smaller and take all the
people who don't open up your emails and
stop sending to them
Gmail Outlook they'll put your emails in
the inbox instead of the promotions tab
because what ends up happening is is if
you send emails and a larger and larger
portion don't open the emails they
assume that most people don't care for
your content and even the people that
would have liked it they'll start
sending their emails in the promotions
tab so when you scrub your list it
actually says oh these people are all
active so whoever you send your emails
to in the future it'll ensure that your
email stay in the promotion Tab and
another email hack that we love doing
and we do this before Q4 and early Q4
we'll send out a few emails just asking
a simple question or two yes or no
questions because then you get a ton of
responses and replies it starts adding
people to the address book and it tells
them hey we love content from this
person because they're engaging then all
your emails start going into the Inbox
and you'll start getting way better
deliverability and way better clicks
boom everyone that was some gold there
from Neil Patel buddy thank you so much
for coming on uh I always look at you as
being really the the the a true Maven in
the world of marketing and I've nothing
but great respect for you everyone check
out Neil Patel what's the best way to
follow you and get more stuff from you
neilpatel.com
neilpatel.com you have a podcast as well
I do marketing School Mark where have I
heard that before marketing school it's
right yeah do you steal that from me
from sales score I think I did again I
want to thank you for that because I saw
what you were doing marketing school and
I literally ripped you off for babe and
I think I told you you're one of your
partners I said I I think he's the one
that said you should rip this off
someone gave me the idea one of my
people so thank you for that it's been
going um I just launched it it's been
amazing I mean it's getting huge
responses already uh so everyone check
out marketing School uh podcast check
out sales school and by the way if you
have both you're ready to
school when you're set
buddy thanks for everything take care
thanks for having me bye